Adding MinIO and Automatic Resources into docs (#24)
Health-Informatics-UoN/carrot: website/src/pages/mapper/deployment/azure/steps.mdx

Reviewer: please also update the info on the page https://carrot.ac.uk/mapper/deployment/configuration as well. thanks!

Author: Thanks for the information👍🏻. I'll make changes.

        `SUPERUSER_DEFAULT_EMAIL` is defaulted to `user@carrot`.
      </Td>
    </Tr>
    <Tr>
      <Td>`STORAGE_TYPE`</Td>
      <Td>

>         The type of storage to use. Put here `minio` or `azure` based on your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This variable is required to let Carrot know which storage type to use. Only put `minio` or `azure`
```

Author: Ok👍🏻

        choice. If you wish to use Azure Blob as a storage, use `azure`. If you 
        wish to use MinIO, use `minio`.
      </Td>
    </Tr>
    <Tr>

>       <Td>`MINIO_ACCESS_KEY` `MINIO_SECRET_KEY`</Td>

Reviewer: these variables are not necessary in Azure deployment.

Author: Ok got it. I'll make changes accordingly.

        to put this in the Key Vault.
      </Td>
    </Tr>
    <Tr>
      <Td>`STORAGE_TYPE`</Td>
      <Td>
        The type of storage to use. Put here `minio` or `azure` based on your
        choice. If you wish to use Azure Blob as a storage, use `azure`. If you 
        wish to use MinIO, use `minio`.
      </Td>
    </Tr>
    <Tr>

>       <Td>`MINIO_ACCESS_KEY` `MINIO_SECRET_KEY`</Td>

Reviewer: these variables are not necessary in Azure deployment.
